docs: add eks auth (#4332)
elastic/integrations: packages/cloud_security_posture/docs/README.md

# Kubernetes Security Posture Management 

> The Kubernetes Security Posture Management (KSPM) integration allows you to identify and remediate configuration risks in the various components that make up your Kubernetes cluster. It does this by evaluating the various components of your cluster with secure configuration guidelines, as defined by the Center for Internet Security (CIS), in order to identify configuration risks. When configuration risks are discovered in your cluster, [findings](https://ela.st/findings-8-5) are generated that tell you exactly what is misconfigured and how you can remediate it. Please read through the [KSPM documentation](https://ela.st/kspm) for an overview of KSPM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes Security Posture Management (KSPM) integration allows you to identify and remediate configuration risks in the various components that make up your Kubernetes cluster. It does this by evaluating the various components of your cluster against secure configuration guidelines, as defined by the Center for Internet Security (CIS), in order to identify configuration risks. When configuration risks are discovered, [findings](https://ela.st/findings-8-5) are generated that tell you exactly what is misconfigured and how you can remediate it. Please read through the [KSPM documentation](https://ela.st/kspm) for an overview of KSPM. 
```

We recommend reading through this entire readme before getting started with KSPM. You can also jump to the section you're specifically interested in using the quick links below: 

* [Getting Started Guide](#getting-started-guide)
* [Using KSPM](#using-kspm)
* [Compatibility](#compatibility)
* [Integration Requirments](#integration-requirments)
* [Leader election](#leader-election)

## Getting started guide

For in-depth, step-by-step instructions to help you get started with KSPM, please read through [our getting started guide](https://ela.st/getting-started-with-kspm). 

## Using KSPM  

> After the installation of this integration, the pages described in the table below will begin to get populated with security posture data. Please read the ["Use Cases"](https://ela.st/kspm-use-cases-8-5) section of the KSPM documentation for step-by-step instructions on how to use these pages to get insight into and improve the security posture of your Kubernetes clusters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install this integration, the pages described in the table below will begin to get populated with security posture data. Please read the ["Use Cases"](https://ela.st/kspm-use-cases-8-5) section of the KSPM documentation for step-by-step instructions on how to use these pages to get insight into and improve the security posture of your Kubernetes clusters. 
```

| Page             | Description                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Posture Dashboard | The posture dashboard provides an overview of the security posture of all Kubernetes clusters monitored. You can access the posture dashboard via the dashboards section of the security solution. Please read the [posture dashboard documentation](https://ela.st/findings-8-5) to learn more.                                                |

Reviewer: Is this the right link? It's the same as for the next item in this table.

Reviewer 2: just updated the links

1. Identify and remediate misconfigurations 
2. Understand the overall security posture of their Kubernetes clusters both- individually and holistically 

We recommend reading through this entire readme before getting started with KSPM. You can also jump to the section that you're specifically interested in using the quick links below. 

* [Getting Started Guide](#getting-started-guide)
* [Integration Assets](#integration-assets)
* [Compatibility](#compatibility)
* [Integration Requirments](#requirments)
* [Leader election](#leader-election)

## Getting started guide

> For in-depth, step-by-step, instructions to help you get started with KSPM, please read through [our getting started guide](https://ela.st/getting-started-with-kspm). 

Reviewer: this looks good — we'll need to remember to update the shortened link once the 8.5 docs are live.

* `access_key_id`: The first part of the access key.
* `secret_access_key`: The second part of the access key.
* `session_token`: A token required when using temporary security credentials.

Because temporary security credentials are short term, after they expire you will need
to generate new ones and manually update the integration's configuration to continue posture evaluations.
This will cause down time in coverage if the configuration is not updated with the new credentials before the old ones expire. 

#### Use a shared credentials file

If you use different credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to 
configure multiple access keys in the same configuration file.
For more details refer to [Create Shared Credentials File](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html#file-format-creds)

Instead of providing the `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key` directly to the integration,
you will provide the following values to reference the access keys in the shared credentials file:

* `credential_profile_name`: The profile name in shared credentials file.
* `shared_credential_file`: The directory of the shared credentials file.

> **Note**: If you don't provide values for all keys, the integration will use these defaults:

Author: The integration will use the ec2 attached role if nothing is provided

To use access keys as credentials, you need to provide:

* `access_key_id`: The first part of the access key.
* `secret_access_key`: The second part of the access key.

For more details see [AWS Access Keys and Secret Access Keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#access-keys-and-secret-access-keys).

#### Use temporary security credentials

Temporary security credentials can be configured in AWS to last for some period of time.
They consist of an access key ID, a secret access key, and a security token, which is 
typically returned using `GetSessionToken`.
IAM users with multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled need to submit an MFA code
while calling `GetSessionToken`.
For more details see [Temporary Security Credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html).

You can use AWS CLI to generate temporary credentials. 
For example, you would use `sts get-session-token` if you have MFA enabled:

```js
aws sts get-session-token --serial-number arn:aws:iam::1234:mfa/your-email@example.com --duration-seconds 129600 --token-code 123456
```

> Then, use the response to provide the following options to the KSPM integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, use the response to provide the following information to the KSPM integration:
```

* `access_key_id`: The first part of the access key.
* `secret_access_key`: The second part of the access key.
* `session_token`: A token required when using temporary security credentials.

> Because temporary security credentials are short term, after they expire, you will need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because temporary security credentials are short term, after they expire you will need
```

to generate new ones and manually update the package configuration to continue posture evaluations.
This will cause down time in coverage if the configuration is not updated with the new credentials before the old ones expire. 

#### Use a shared credentials file

If you use different credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to 
configure multiple access keys in the same configuration file.

> For more details see [Create Shared Credentials File](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html#file-format-creds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details refer to [Create Shared Credentials File](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html#file-format-creds)
```
we don't use "see" because it's not inclusive language from an accessibility perspective. Please replace it with "refer to" throughout.

Instead of providing the `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key` directly to the integration,

> you will provide two options to look up the access keys in the shared credentials file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will provide the following values to reference the access keys in the shared credentials file:
```

* `credential_profile_name`: The profile name in shared credentials file.
* `shared_credential_file`: The directory of the shared credentials file.

> **Note**: If you don't provide values for all keys, the integration will use defaults:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you don't provide values for all keys, the integration will use these defaults:
```

- If `access_key_id`, `secret_access_key` and `role_arn` are all not provided, then the package will check for `credential_profile_name`.
- If there is no `credential_profile_name` given, the default profile will be used.
- If `shared_credential_file` is empty, the default directory will be used.

>   - For Linux, or Unix, the shared credentials file is located at `~/.aws/credentials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For Linux or Unix, the shared credentials file is located at `~/.aws/credentials`.
```

#### Use an IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN)

> An IAM role ARN is an IAM identity that you can create in your AWS account. You determine what the role has permission to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An IAM role ARN is an IAM identity that you can create in your AWS account. You define the role's permissions.
```

A role does not have standard long-term credentials such as a password or access keys associated with it.
Instead, when you assume a role it provides you with temporary security credentials for your role session.

> IAM role ARN can be used to specify which AWS IAM role to assume to generate temporary credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An IAM role's ARN can be used to specify which AWS IAM role to use to generate temporary credentials.
```

For more details see [AssumeRole API documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html).

> To use an IAM role ARN, you need to provide either a [credential profile](#use-a-shared-credentials-file) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an IAM role's ARN, you need to provide either a [credential profile](#use-a-shared-credentials-file) or
```

[access keys](#use-access-keys-directly) along with the `role_arn` advanced option.

> `role_arn` is used to specify which AWS IAM role to assume for generating temporary credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`role_arn` is used to specify which AWS IAM role to use for generating temporary credentials.
```

Reviewer 2: @benironside, the correct term here is assume. Checkout  :https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html

Note: If `role_arn` is given, the package will check if access keys are given.
If they are not given, the package will check for a credential profile name.
If neither is given, the default credential profile will be used. 

### AWS Permissions

> Specific AWS permissions are required for an IAM user to make specific AWS API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific AWS permissions are required for an IAM user to make the necessary AWS API calls.
```

> To enable the KSPM integration to collect metrics and logs from all necssary services,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the KSPM integration to collect metrics and logs from all necessary services,
```

Reviewer 2: I need to remove the `metrics` and `logs` from this readme, and then I will update the spelling

> make sure these permissions are given:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make sure to grant the following permissions:
```

See agent [installation instructions](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.html).

> Note, this integration can only be added to Elastic agents with versions 8.4 or higher.

Reviewer 2: Let's update the agent version from 8.4 to 8.5

## EKS Managed Deployment

The following AWS authentication options are avaliable to run KSPM integration
1. Access Key & Secret
2. ARN Role
3. Credentials File

### Access Key & Secret
Get the credentials from `~/.aws/credentials` file.
Copy the `aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key` from the profile.
#### Session Token
When using a session token it is required to provide a new session token every `duration`.
For example: to generate session token that last for one hour, run `aws sts get-session-token --duration-seconds 3600`.

### ARN Role

> To assume a different role, make sure that the target role has a `trusted-entity`

Reviewer 2: @olegsu as far as i am aware, if the user only provides an ARN role we won't be able to do anything with it since we won't have anything to assume that role with. It's my understanding that this information needs to be provided with the shared credential file and profile name. Does this line up with your thinking? 

So is this section just helping users understand that if they want to use a different role than otherwise specified in the section of the profile they want to use (~/.aws/config) make sure that the target role has a trusted entity? 

```
[profile cspadmin]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/cspadmin
source_profile = default 
```

```json
{
    {
        "Effect": "Allow",
        "Principal": {
            "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::{AWS_ACCOUNT}:assumed-role/{AWS_ROLE}/{EC2_INSTANCE}"
        },
        "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
        "Condition": {}
    }
}
```

## Shared Credentials File
To use a shared credentials file:
1. Make sure the credentials file exist on the file-system of the pod

> 2. In case the file has multiple profiles or the profile is not `default` specify the profile name in "Credential Profile Name" field.

Reviewer 2: @olegsu users can also optionally provide the ARN of the role they'd like to use, right?

> ### Example with Kustomize

Reviewer 2: @olegsu just to be clear this option just makes sure that the shared credential file is mounted and accessible wherever cloudbeat will be running, right?
